Update listings in ch 11-01 to reflect current output from cargo new (#3533)
rust-lang/book: src/ch11-01-writing-tests.md

<span class="caption">Listing 11-1: The test module and function generated
automatically by `cargo new`</span>

> For now, let's focus solely on the `it_works()` function. Note the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, let’s focus solely on the `it_works()` function. Note the
```
